[Music]
after high school I'm gonna play
football at Notre Dame chasing a stupid
dream causes nothing but you and
everyone around you heartache ever since
I was a kid I wanted to go to school
here but ever since I was a kid
everybody said it couldn't be done I
always listened to him believe what they
said I don't want to do that anymore
[Music]
not supposed to be and everyone is meant
to go ahead
[Music]
I need your help why should I help I
just want to be a part of this
University the nuts you know a lot of
people been telling me that lately
sometimes a winner
is a dreamer who just won't quit I'm
here to play football for the Irish
I wish God would put your heart in some
of my players bodies
[Music]
the five feet nothing a hundred no he
can hardly aspect of athletic ability in
this lifetime you'll have to prove
nothing to nobody except yourself
[Music]
a true story
from the creators of Hoosiers your nerdy
chant I'm ready for this my whole life
[Applause]
[Music]